`azurerm_site_recovery_replication_recovery_plan`: limit set `replicated_protected_items` for `Shutdown` type `recovery_group` (#22281)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/site_recovery_replication_recovery_plan.html.markdown

* `type` - (Required) The Recovery Plan Group Type. Possible values are `Boot`, `Failover` and `Shutdown`.

> * `replicated_protected_items` - (Optional) (required) one or more id of protected VM. It must not be specified when `type` is `Shutdown`.

Reviewer: Is this property Optional or Required?

```suggestion
* `replicated_protected_items` - (Optional) (required) One or more protected VM IDs. It must not be specified when `type` is `Shutdown`.
```
